dnsmasq: sync with current options and clarify their usage (#735)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/dnsmasq.rst

- DNS Server: ``192.168.1.1``

At the same time, Dnsmasq registers the DNS hostname of the smartphone (if it exists). Since we configured the FQDN option and domain in the DHCP range, the name of the
smartphone will be: ``smartphone.lan.internal.``.

When a client queries `Unbound` for exactly ``smartphone.lan.internal.``, the configured query forwarding sends the request to the DNS server responsible for ``lan.internal``
which is our configured `Dnsmasq` listening on ``127.0.0.1:53053``. ``Dnsmasq`` responds to this query and will resolve the current A record of ``smartphone.lan.internal.`` to
``192.168.1.100``, sending this information to `Unbound` which in return sends the response back to the client that initially queried.

.. Tip::

    You can usually resolve a hostname in your network by querying for e.g. ``smartphone``. This works because client systems

>     recognize that a FQDN isn't used, and will therefore suffix the request with their domain name received from Dnsmasq, transforming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    recognize that a FQDN is not used, and will therefore suffix the request with their domain name received from Dnsmasq, transforming
```
